# Project1_IRKeyboard
PCB Layout Constraints Document

System Requirements: 
The function of the IRKeyboard PCB is to provide a USB connection to a personal computer, where the IR receiver can receive signal transmitted by the IR keyboard. 
This PCB does not substitute for an IR keyboard,but it will allow the IR keyboard to transmit data to the personal computer.

Electrical Requirements:
The maximum voltage rating allowed for this PCB is 5.5V, but due to the voltage divider acting diodes, the PCB should be regulated to stay at a 5V input throughout 
the PCB. All electrical connections are connected according to IR Keyboard schematic specifications.

Physical Constraints:
This board is 2.40 x 1.40 inches or 61.0 x 35.6 mm.  Additionally, two 4x1 2.54mm header pins were used on either side of the ATtiny85 for ease of programming the SMC. 
The vs1838b is set at approximately 6mm by 5.6mm with 3 THC pads for VCC, OUT, and GND. The ATtiny85 is set at approximately 6mm by 5.6 mm with 8 SMC pads. The USB 
connector is set to approximately 8.9mm by 6.3mm with 5 SMC pads. All other electrical components are set approximately to default in the global KiCAD library.

Layer Stackup:
A single layer PCB was used for this design, because a single layer PCB is able to be laser cut. A ground fill was added to the top layer of the board to ensure all
traces stay on a single side of the PCB to create a single layer PCB. When ordering this PCB, a 2-layer board is acceptable.

Design Rules:
The USB contains D- and D+ pins, which is a differential pair. With a differential pair trace lengths must match as close as possible. For this particular PCB, routed
trace length was kept below 0.5 inch. Keeping this length below 0.5 inch produces a phase misalignment of less than 100 picoseconds. This misalignment is acceptable 
due to the low GPIO sampling rate on the GPIO pins. The differential pair must also be routed parallel to each other to drop the overall impedance of each individual 
trace. Impedance in this case depends on the spacing of the traces and the differential pair's height above the ground plane. Additionally, another design rule to 
consider is the pinout of the IR reciver. Within the schematic, the GND and OUT pins should be swapped when creating the PCB layout. For more information on the IR 
receiver pinout please read the README.md IR Receiver Datasheet in References.

Note: A clean ERC and DRC are required before design can be manufactured. Additionally please make sure all components on PCB are assigned to schematic view, else
schematic and PCB may not match exactly. 

Manufacturing Requirements:
A single sided PCB will be manufactured for this design using a laser cutter or ordered through a manufacturer of your choice. 
